Welcome islanders. My name is Lana and I'll be your instructor
for today. Press space to continue.
During today's class there will be NO sexual contact of any kind.
Brenda, Matheus, that means you. Get off of each other, please.
This is an express Bar class. You will learn the basics.

First, I need all islanders to gather in the palapa.

...

Oops! That's the wrong instruction for the wrong program.
I guess I need to review advanced cueing...
Be ready to press the arrow keys as we move through 
exercises. You will be prompted to press them on beat. 
The movements will start simple but will become more complex
as we go. 
Additionally, we will use props in some exercises. Today, that's
just the Bar Ball. Don't worry about that right now, though.
We'll start with leg lifts. Ready?!

Bring your knees to hip height. Arms at 90 degrees.
Push down. And down. And down. No making out, bitches.
Press the correct arrow  when it is in the center
of the box. Better timing means more points.
Great adjustment, Kelly! Brenda, cut that out.

Now it's time for push ups! On your toes if you can,
if not, on your knees is okay.
Make sure your arms are wider than your chest. Lift y-
MATHEUS! BRENDA! STOP FUCKING SPOONING! JESUS CHRIST!
Okay, now reverse push-ups. These are a bit tricky,
but study the pattern. We'll start slow, then speed up.
Let's get ready for thigh work! Place your left leg on the bar 
for a nice stretch. (Well, I think it's nice. I have no legs.)
Face the parking lot while you go on releve. Bend down with your
knees at shoulder distance for diamond. 
It's time to grab your ball from the bar by clicking on it. 
Squeeze. And squeeze. And squeeze. Easy, right?
Amazing focus, Ava. But can you handle all of...this?

It's finally time for core work. You'll have to combine your
skills with arrow keys and Bar Balls simultaneously.
Looks like Brenda is handling those balls fabulously.
I'm not surprised.
This is your second-to-last thing.

Time for back dancing! Lay flat on your black mat. We're almost
done, so hang in there, islanders! This is your final exercise!
And...you're done! Time to cool down. Come with me into happy
baby stretch. Or...do it yourself. I literally cannot move.
Now, sit cross-legged. Deep breath in...and...out.
Another breath in...and out. 
Give yourselves a round of applause! You did it!

However, the $15.08 prize pool is now only $1.32 because Brenda
and Matheus had sex 8 times during the class.
Time to check your score and see how well you did.

Here's the possible points:

Here's your final rank:
Thanks so much for joining me! See you soon!




